unit 1 A
学习外语是我一生中最艰苦也是最有意义的经历。虽然时常遭遇挫折，但却非常有价值。
我学外语的经历始于初中的第一堂英语课。老师很慈祥耐心，时常表扬学生。由于这种积极的教学方法，我踊跃
回答各种问题，从不怕答错。两年中，我的成绩一直名列前茅。
到了高中后，我渴望继续学习英语，然而高中时的经历与以前大不相同。以前老师对所有的学生都很耐心，而新
老师则总是惩罚答错的学生。每当有谁回答错了，她会用长教鞭指着我们，上下挥舞，大喊道：错错错。没有
多久，我便不再渴望回答问题了。我不仅失去了回答问题的乐趣，而且根本就不想再用英语说半个字。
然而这种情况没持续多久。到了大学，我了解到所有的学生必须上英语课。与高中老师不同，大学英语老师非常耐心
和蔼，他们没有哪个带教鞭！不过情况却远不尽人意。由于班大，每堂课都轮到我回答的问题寥寥无几。上了几周
课后，我还发现，许多同学的英语说得比我要好得多。我开始产生一种畏惧感。虽然情况与高中时不同，但我却又
一次不敢开口了。看来我的英语水平要永远停步不前了。
几年后我有机会参加了远程英语教学课程，情况才有所改善。它需要一台电脑、电话线和调制解调器。我很快配齐了
必要的设备并跟一个朋友学会了电脑操作技术，于是我每周用5到7天在网上的虚拟课堂里学习英语。
网上学习并不比普通的课堂学习容易。它需要花更多的时间，需要学习者专一、自制，以跟上课程进度。我尽力达到
课程的最低限度的要求，并按时完成作业。
我随时随地都在学习。不管去哪里，我都随身携带一本袖珍字典和笔记本，笔记本上记着我听到的生词。我学习中
出过许多错，有时是令人尴尬的错误。有时我会因挫折而哭泣，有时我想放弃。但我从未因别的同学英语说得比我快
而感到畏惧，因为在屏幕上作出回答之前，我可以根据自己的需要花时间去琢磨自己的想法。后来有一天我意识到
我能够理解碰到的各种问题，更重要的是，我能用英语表达我想说的东西。尽管我还是常常出错，仍处于继续学习
阶段，但我已尝到刻苦学习的甜头。
学习外语对我来说是非常艰辛的经历，但却是一种无比珍贵的经历。它不仅使我懂得了艰苦努力的意义，而且使我
认识了不同的文化，让我以一种全新的思维去看待事物。学习一门外语最令人兴奋的收获是我能与比以前更多的人
交流。我乐于与人交谈，新的语言使我能与以前不认识的人交往，参与他们的谈话，并建立新的难以忘怀的友谊。现在
我已能够说外语，别人讲英语时我不再茫然不解了。我能够参与并结交朋友。我能理解别人的话，并能够弥合我所说
的语言和所处的文化与他们的语言和文化之间的鸿沟。

Learning a foreign language was one of the most difficult yet most rewarding experiences of my 
life. Although at times learning a language was frustrating, it was well worth the effort. 
My experience with a foreign language began in junior middle school, when I took my first English 
class. I had a kind and patient teacher who often praised all of the students. Because of this 
positive method, I eagerly answered all the questions I could, never worrying much about making 
mistakes. I was at the top of my class for two years.
When I went to senior middle school, I was eager to continue studying English; however, my 
experience in senior school was very different from before. While my former teacher had been 
patient with all the students, my new teacher quickly punished those who gave incorrect answers.
Whenever we answered incorrectly, she pointed a long stick at us and, shaking it up and down, 
shouted, No,No,No. It didn't take me long to lose my eagerness to answer questions. Not 
only did I lose my joy in answering questions, but also I totally lost my desire to say anthing at all 
in English.
However, that state didn't last long. When I went to college, I learned that all students were 
required to take an English course. Unlike my senior middle school teacher, my college English 
teachers were patient and kind, and none of them carried long, pointed sticks! However, the 
situation was far from perfect. As our classes were very large, I was only able to answer a couple 
of questions in each class period. Also, after a few weeks of classes, I notice there were many 
students who spoke much better than I did. I began to feel intimidated. So, one again, although 
for different reasons, I was afraid to speak. It seemed my English was going to stay at the same 
level forever.
That was the situation until a couple of years later, when I was offered an opportunity to study 
English through an online course. The communication medium was a computer, phone line, and 
modem. I soon got access to the necessary equipment, learned the technology from a friend and 
participated in the virtual classroom 5 to 7 days a week.
Online learning is not easier than regular classroom study; it requires much time, commitment 
and discipline to keep up with the flow of the course. I worked hard to meet the minimum 
standards set by the course and to complete assignments on time.
I practiced all the time. I carried a little dictioary with me everywhere I went, as well as a 
notebook in which I listed any new words I heard. I made many, sometimes embarrassing, 
mistakes. Once in a while I cried with frustration, and sometimes I felt like giving up. But I didn't 
feel intimidated by students who spoke faster than I did because I took all the time I needed to 
think out my ideas and wrote a reply before posting it on the screen. Then, one day I realized I 
could understand just about everything I came across, and most importantly, I could "say" 
anything I wanted to in English. Although I still made many mistakes and was continually learning, 
I had finally reaped the benefits of all that hard work.

Learning a foreign language has been a most trying experience for me, but one that I wouldn't 
trade for anything. Not only did learning another language teach me the value of hard work, but 
it also gave me insights into another culture, and my midn was opened to new ways of seeing 
things. The most wonderful result of having learned a foreign language was that I could 
communicate with many more people than before. Talking with people is one of my favorite 
activities, so being able to speak a new language lets me meet new people, participate in 
conversations, and form new, unforgettable friendships. Now that I speak a foreign language, 
instead of staring into space when English is being spoken, I can participate and make friends. I 
am able to reach out to others and bridge the gap between my language and culture and theirs.

unit 1 B
网络学习的成功秘诀
虽然常规的学校依然存在，但虚拟课堂在今天的教学领域起着重要的作用。随着学生就业机会的迅速增多，越来
越多不同年龄层的人开始意识到了这种在家中就学的网上学习方式。然而网络学生需要具备一些独特的素质才能取得
成功。以下所列是取得成功的网上学生所具备的一些理想的素质。
1.作为网上学习的一部分，与人分享生活、工作及学习经验。
许多人发现网上学习需要他们运用各自的经验。同时又为他们提供了相互交流的场所。这一交流场所消除了一些学生
自我表达的视觉障碍。此外，学生在答题之前有时间对所给的信息进行思考，这就使得网上环境开放而友好。
2.能通过书写进行交流。
虚拟课堂的交流几乎都是书面形式。因而恨重要的一点是要让学生感到书面交流并不别扭。网上学习之前或作为
网上学习的一部分，许多写作能力有限的学生必须提高书面表达能力。这常常需要他们加倍努力。不管是单独学习还是
小组学习，学生们就学习内容交流观点、见解，并展开讨论，同时了解其他同学的意见。这样，学生可以从同龄人
那里获得真知灼见，既向老师求教，又相互学习。
3.说出你的困难
记住，虚拟课堂里老师看不见学生。这就意味学生必须非常清楚地表达自己的看法和要求。如果碰到技术方面的
问题，或在理解过程中遇到困难，必须直接说出来。否则任何人都无从知晓问题所在。如果某人不理解某个问题，或许
别人也有同样问题。如果有哪个学生能解决，它也许就会帮助解决。学生在给其他人解决问题时，自己对该
问题的认识也加深了。
4.认真对待课程。
网上学习不比课堂学习容易。事实上，许多学生说它需要花更多的时间。远程课程比任何一种优秀课程都要求得更高。
然而，取得成功的学生认为网上学习是便捷的受教育方式--但并不容易。晚上或周末，为了完成作业，许多
网络学生在电脑前一坐就是几个小时。别人已完成作业开始玩耍，而此时网络学生却很可能还在上课。他们每门课程
每周要上4到15个小时。

While regular schools still exits, the virtual classroom plays an important role in today's learning 
community. Job opportunities for students are expanding rapidly and more people of all ages are 
becoming aware of online leanring that allows them to study at home. Online students, however, 
require unique qualities to be successful. The following list discusses some ideal qualities of 
successful online students.
1. Be open-minded about sharing life, work, and learning experiences as part of online learning. 
Many different people find that the online method requires them to use their experiences and that 
onlien learning offers them a place to communicate with each other. This forum for communication 
removes the visual barrier that hinder some some students from expressing themselves. In addition, 
students are given time to reflect on the information before replying. In this way, students can help 
to keep the online environment open and friendly.
2. Be able to communcate through writing.
In the virtual classroom nearly all communication is written, so it is critical that students feel 
comfortable expressing themselves in writing. Some students have limited writing abilities whic 
need to be improved before or as par of the online experience. This usually requires extra 
commitment by these students. Whether working alone or in a group, students share ideas, 
perspectives and discussions on the subject being studied, and read about those of their classmates. 
In this way, students gain great insight from their peers, learning from each other as well as the 
instructor.
3. Be willing to speak up if problems arise
Remember that instructors cannot see their students in an online course. This means students 
must be absolutely explicit with their comments and requests. If they experience technical 
difficulties, or problems in understanding something about the course, they must speak up;
otherwise there is no way anyone can know something is wrong. If one person does not understand 
something, possibly serveral others have the same problem. If another student is able to help, she/he
probably will. While explaining something to others, students reinforce their own knowledge about 
the subject.
4. Take the program seriously
Online learning is not easier than study in regular classrooms. In fact, many students say it requires 
much more time and effort. Requirements for online courses are not less than those of any quality 
program. Successful students, however, see online learning as a convenient way to receive their 
education-not an easier way. Many online students sit at computers for hours at a time during 
evenings and on weekends in order to complete their assignments. When other people are finished 
and having fun is most likely the time when online students do their course work. Online students 
need to commit 4 to 15 hours a week for each course.

unit 3 A
我没有完全意识到，正是父亲帮助我保持心里平衡。
还在我未成年时，如果有人看到我和父亲在一块儿，我就觉得很难堪。它腿瘸得十分厉害，个子又矮。我们在一起
走路时，我的手搭在我的臂上以保持平衡，人们就会盯着看。对于这种讨厌的注视，我打心眼里感到别扭。如果他
注意到这些或感到不安，他从不表露出来。

More than I realized, Dad has helped me keep my balance.
When I was growing up, I was embarrassed to be seen with my father. He was severely crippled 
and very short, and when we talked together, his hand on my arm for balance, people would 
stare. I would inwardly struggle at the unwanted attention. If he ever noticed or was bothered, 
he never let on.











